11 million copies of the flyer were distributed to the public via an 85-newspaper distribution chain .
23.8 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.0 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
A British version of this show was developed , known as `` Gladiators : Train 2 Win '' .
A better alternative in order to find the best possible results would be to use the Smith-Waterman algorithm .
A character notes some practical difficulties with such a map and states that `` we now use the country itself , as its own map , and I assure you it does nearly as well . ''	 
A dam on the creek has created a lake covering for fishing , boating , and swimming .
A different judge then ordered the case reviewed by a higher court .
A large gravestone was erected in 1866 , over 100 years after his death .
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .
A second factor is resource dependence ; there must be a perceptible threat of resource depletion , and it must be difficult to find substitutes .
A series of councils were held in 657 , 669 , 846 , 850 , 852 , 853 , 862 , 980 , 986 , 996 , 1048 , 1071 and 1080 .
A very early form of vaccination known as variolation was developed several thousand years ago in China .
A year later , he was appointed Attorney-General for Ireland and on this occasion was sworn of the Privy Council of Ireland .
Adnan Latif was in a car accident in 1994 , during which he suffered significant head injuries , which left him with on-going neurological problems .
After a break of four years , he became a Lord Justice of Appeal .
After a short absence Keibler began a short feud with the evil Jillian Hall , which led to the two having a match on `` Velocity '' , which Keibler lost .
After leaving , he tried to find acting jobs and worked as an Elvis impersonator for a short time .
After the Battle of Culloden in 1746 , these rebellions were crushed .
After the British capture of Madrid , Hill had responsibility for an army of 30,000 men .
After this she became very ill with a severe cold or pneumonia .
Afterward he has joined Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow , a school for gifted beings .
Agen would have another successful run in the 1940s , beginning with the 1943 season when they defeated Stade Bordelais 11 to 4 to win the Coupe de France .
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .
Alexander supposedly said after this incident that he had never been so lucky in his entire career .
All officers are additionally equipped with less-lethal weapons for use against threats that do not justify a firearms response .
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .
Along with these , there were also commissioners sent to the army , in charge of provisioning the army , policing and finances ; they would supervise accountants , providers , merchants , and generals , and attend war councils and tribunals for military crimes .
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .
Although in Flanders , the Flemish Region assigned all of its powers to the Flemish Community , the Walloon Region remains in principle distinct from and independent from the French Community , and vice-versa .
Although the Algeciras Conference temporarily solved the First Moroccan Crisis , it only worsened the tensions between the Triple Alliance and Triple Entente that ultimately led to the First World War .
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .
An `` Dangaioh '' adventure game was released for the PC-8801 in Japan in April 1990 .
Arminius , leader of the Cherusci and allies , now had a free hand .
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .
As a result , environmental factors are also understood to contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships .
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .
As the student of Torah ascends through the thought of the Pardes system , as the interpretations become more inward and spiritual , it becomes progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts , so to speak .
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .
At first , she seems happy with this arrangement .
At the end of 2008 the Uzbek-Italian Joint Venture Roison-Candy was established by the Uzbek Limited Liability Company Roison Electronics with partnership of Candy Group .
At this point , the player confronts a boss , who is usually considerably larger and tougher than regular enemies .
Australian Amber Wing was the first woman to land a ts fs wake to wake 900 .
Autostereoscopy is any method of displaying stereoscopic images without the use of special headgear or glasses on the part of the viewer .
Baako 's grandmother Naana , a blind-seer , stands in living contact with the ancestors .
Back at the hotel , Taylor went ahead of Lemmy and told him `` Eddie 's left the band '' .
Ballast tanks are equipped to change a ship 's trim and modify its stability .
Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland , and as such was honored by the river being named for him .
Blackburne 's statement that he `` would not tolerate a refusal to ratify the appointment '' , is an indication of the influence which could then be wielded by a strong Attorney General .
Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Newcastle Jets .
